hey guys it's the amazing chicken and
today we're gonna be playing on Camden
and this is not sponsored to be honest I
would say if it won't punch it but if
you want some free coins you can
literally just go here tap on the gam
dome sign over here and go to the the
pool No
yes the plus here and type in code
chicken for 20 like this and try some it
so once you've done that you got some
money and stuff so yeah I'm gonna be
doing some trade ups I deposited three
thousand three hundred and sixty points
which is I think like four bucks or
something like that so we're gonna go
for m57 capillary field-tested forty
five percent chance give me that
what okay let's go again
[Music]
okay we we are withdrawing this kids say
change you need to wait at least it to
know what you hold in total you have
wagered yeah okay so we got the money
back right yeah yeah we got all of our
money back so we're gonna go roulette
for a little I guess we're gonna go a
hundred no 150 on my going red
yeah that little red I need that red
give me keep not to be honest red is a
really cool color and if it doesn't hit
it's bad
yeah the worst color ever and your we're
gonna go on 200 all right please give me
the red please please give me give me
give me give me give me red you're give
me that red fox fake like five times in
a row
no red it's gonna be now look 300 on red
this is like 30 cents okay if we don't
make this rip please
don't okay I'm gonna rip I swear
fuck on around red it's gonna be red now
no way give me the red give me the red
please yes that's right that's right
that's right okay
nice 3200 okay we're back at it again we
can withdraw or yeah how can I go to
some trade UPS I never trust trash
that's why I don't play there hmm
[Music]
okay 45% give this let's go with JA
waiting for shrooms great trade offers
okay we're gonna accept that right away
gave me that my inventory is not
actually this I have more but it's not
tradable yet that's why it it's not
showing it gave me the five stattrak
five seven Orban hazard field tested
that's so cool okay now we kind of fly
seven and we still have money left
okay okay that's so cool we got the five
seven and now we're going for a USP and
USP cyrix because I lost that eight USP
no it's like this sign
Rex now there's no sirens so we're gonna
go for all there is just so I'm
explicitly as hell so you're gonna go
for something better I guess I really
want this but no it's gonna take up all
our money so we're going for a minimal
wear or I'll feel tested like this is
the minimum way and the field test it is
how much money now we're gonna go for
this 551 gimme the USP
let's go let's go let's go
okay wait we were trying this us well
okay accepting that oh my god that's so
much money so much profit all right
give me this okay let me see if we're
still recording yes we are
hey we got a USP again so we were
already in profit I'm gonna get hell no
not the USP we can I go for let's see
let's see hmm
I'm gonna go for an op okay so op not
the ethanol that's gonna take that's
that's gonna rip let er rip over there
so should we go for a Kody Sara mm-hmm
no I'm gonna go for four fo bucks
okay so 551 no 820
gimme the OP
what is this luck what is this luck give
me the OP right now oh my god this is so
I'm so lucky right now I don't wanna
jinx this but I really lucky right now
give me give me that off a beautiful op
okay accept the trade we made like three
skins already and we still have money
left feel tested all for Wilson so cool
one okay next one you're gonna go for it
low down hmm I'm gonna go for a Star
Trek ripple know what should I go for
dammit
mmm I think we should go for a USP what
don't snicker so cool but nah just too
much let's get Oh what should we get
annalee feel okay good how much for half
of it
give me this bro oh my god another with
job give me that
this is not rigged the ice and squarely
did it sponsor me on that I don't even
know I'm weak I'm doing a video right
now oh my god keep me down and we feel
that it has a sticker to minimum where
Ali field and he has a sticker J yard
krakow 2017
give me that eighty it's beautiful okay
so we're all wins right now you're so
much in profit hmm
so now we're gonna go for shall we go
for an imperial no I don't play with
that I'm gonna go for a green stattrak
beat p90 Grimm anymore we're okay so 45
34% no we're gonna do all in since we
have nothing to lose so 703 give me that
last one bro
there's no way gave me that oh my god
all wins every single one was a win oh
my god that's I'm so lucky now look how
much money we made
I'm gonna post like 3 bucks that we made
like a hell of a profit man tell of a
profit gambling I Love You Man whoever
made Jam gum is so cool okay so until it
all we made holy shit I don't even want
to see the number look at this look at
this
we got so many skins okay so if we go on
my Steam I'm in hurry well you know look
at these so we made in total you made
all right so this is 110 192 4356 5 no I
lost the county but whatever we're
definitely profit that wasn't fail right
there
okay so we're definitely profited we
meet so much money today and I'm so
happy right now every single one was a
win like damn okay so here's my code
like the video subscribe if you want to
I'm not gonna make you do it but
subscribe like whatever share this video
if you want to and it was the amazing
chicken and I'm out